Clarify lower bound enforcement and update logic for waiting time (#322)
vacp2p/rfc-index: docs/ift-ts/raw/logos-service-discovery.md

registrars MUST enforce lower bounds:

Invariant: A new waiting time `w_2` at time `t_2`
MUST NOT be smaller than a previous waiting time `w_1` at time `t_1`
(where `t_1 < t_2`) by more than the elapsed time:

```text
w_2 ≥ w_1 - (t_2 - t_1)
```

> For each `service_id_hash` and each `IP`, the registrar SHOULD maintain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each `service_id_hash` and each `IP` prefix in the IP tree, the registrar MUST maintain:
```

- `bound`: the last issued waiting time (`w_1`) when bound value was updated

> - `timestamp`: the time at which `w_1` was issued (`t_1`)

Reviewer: I would make it explicit that we therefore maintain `bound(service_id_hash)` and `bound(ip)` so we can use these symbols exactly below. Same for `timestamp`.

Author: yup that would be better

The total waiting time will respect the lower bound if lower bound is enforced on these.
Service-level entries are bounded by the number of distinct `service_id_hash` values
for which non-expired `WAIT` tickets have been issued.
IP-level entries are bounded by the number of distinct `IPs`
appearing in advertisements associated with non-expired `WAIT` tickets.

> **How SHOULD lower bound be calculated**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Lower bounds SHOULD be calculated as follows:**
```

> When a new ticket request arrives, the registrar first calculates the waiting time `w_2` at time `t_2`.

Reviewer: The ordering here doesn't quite make sense - it says we first compute `w_2` and _then_ do the computations to compute `w_2`. Better state:

```
When a new ticket request arrives, the registrar calculates `w_2` in the following way:
```

Author: yes done. Thanks fr the suggestion

Then, for the corresponding `service_id_hash`, it calculates the remaining lower bound:

> `remaining_bound = bound(service_id_hash) - (t_2 - timestamp(service_id_hash))`

Reviewer: Perhaps will be clearer if we first extract `t2 - timestamp(service_id_hash)` as `elapsed_time`?

Author: yup that would be much cleaner
